README.md, before:

## Problems: 
1. CSS Grid is missing some property, does not cover whole page: Fixed
2. Fontsize for the content is too small: Fixed
3. Absolute footer position is overlapped by CSS grid when there are more rows: Parked
4. Header does not highlight the active link; Need to active for the current page.

## Enhancements:
1. Authors - Authors shall be registered users but with isAuthor flag set to True; Only the authors shall be displayed on the author page. 
2. Registered users can lend a book only if the shelf has a copy of the book available. 
3. Registered users can add a book if they like and also can delete the ones they have added. 
4. Admin user or Super user can add/remove a user/book from the admin panel.
5. Registered user can view their profile and can make themselves author at any time. 
6. Author can't be a user if there are books linked to him/her. Books must be deleted first. 

# Good-READS
Breakdown and build up project. To understand the working of Django forms, class based views, handling of static files and settings core functions.


## Two main apps: Accounts and Books
### Accounts: 
Managing the acount related stuf, login, account created, account model. User account model design and similar account related functions.

### Books: 
Listing out all the available books with auther details and a short description. Authenticated users can then request a lend on the books. 

### Account_Templates:
Two templates, login and signup with the basic sigin and signup functionality. CSS in static files to design. 

### Book_Templates:
Book home page to list all the available books. Main css for home. 

## Static File structure
For each apps, static files resides insides the static/app/ folder. For example, the css files for accounts app shall be available in accounts/static/account/css/signup.css
'collectstatic' will collect all files from these apps and will put them in project static folder. This is only for deployment but a good practise. 
STATIC_ROOL = 'static', collectstatic will put all static files in here. 

## Templates File Structure
For each apps, template files(html) resides insides the templates/app/ folder. Considering the index html file in books app,
books/templates/books/index.html

# Model Design
Book::
ID
title
author(foreign key)
shelf
date_added
ratings
short_desc
description
cover_picture
genre(Many to Many)

Genre::
ID
name

Commit message:

models added for books and accounts app

README.md, after:

## Problems: 
1. CSS Grid is missing some property, does not cover whole page: Fixed
2. Fontsize for the content is too small: Fixed
3. Absolute footer position is overlapped by CSS grid when there are more rows: Parked
4. Header does not highlight the active link; Need to active for the current page.

## Enhancements:
1. Authors - Authors shall be registered users but with isAuthor flag set to True; Only the authors shall be displayed on the author page. 
2. Registered users can lend a book only if the shelf has a copy of the book available. 
3. Registered users can add a book if they like and also can delete the ones they have added. 
4. Admin user or Super user can add/remove a user/book from the admin panel.
5. Registered user can view their profile and can make themselves author at any time. 
6. Author can't be a user if there are books linked to him/her. Books must be deleted first. 

# Good-READS
Breakdown and build up project. To understand the working of Django forms, class based views, handling of static files and settings core functions.


## Two main apps: Accounts and Books
### Accounts: 
Managing the acount related stuf, login, account created, account model. User account model design and similar account related functions.

### Books: 
Listing out all the available books with auther details and a short description. Authenticated users can then request a lend on the books. 

### Account_Templates:
Two templates, login and signup with the basic sigin and signup functionality. CSS in static files to design. 

### Book_Templates:
Book home page to list all the available books. Main css for home. 

## Static File structure
For each apps, static files resides insides the static/app/ folder. For example, the css files for accounts app shall be available in accounts/static/account/css/signup.css
'collectstatic' will collect all files from these apps and will put them in project static folder. This is only for deployment but a good practise. 
STATIC_ROOL = 'static', collectstatic will put all static files in here. 

## Templates File Structure
For each apps, template files(html) resides insides the templates/app/ folder. Considering the index html file in books app,
books/templates/books/index.html

# Model Design
Book::
ID
title
author(foreign key)
shelf
date_added
ratings
short_desc
description
cover_picture
genre(Many to Many)

Genre::
ID, name

Accounts::
is_author
picture
user(django built in User model mapped one-to-one)
